Spring Boot user language support documentation using cloudstate paradox plugin (#12)
cloudstateio/springboot-support: docs/src/main/paradox/conventions.md

# Conventions and Restrictions

> Both Springboot and Cloudstate have some conventions and / or restrictions for creating objects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both Spring Boot and Cloudstate have some conventions and / or restrictions for creating objects. 
```

> In the sections below we describe those that are most relevant

Reviewer 2: end with a trailing dot?

## Registering Protobuf Descriptors
As mentioned earlier, there are two ways to register the protobuf descriptor files and here we will explain each one in 
detail.

First using the Spring configuration.
 
Spring's bean declaration conventions define that the method name is exactly the name that will be registered in
the Spring injection container as a qualifier. 
So if you use method names other than those defined in the Cloudstate Springboot support convention:

>  (entity.getSimpleName() + "ServiceDescriptor" for example)

Reviewer 2: looks a bit odd... perhaps 
<img width="498" alt="Screenshot 2020-06-14 at 23 48 42" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12616445/84604901-961e0300-ae99-11ea-8f17-cbd630aaf0f9.png">

Author: Do you refer to the text or the example? Can you suggest a more suitable change?

Author: @marcellanz I changed the text a little, see if this is better

Reviewer 2: @sleipnir sorry, I had not time yet to explain it better.

Author: Ok. No problem

>  @@@ note { title=Important } Remembering that the first letter must always be lowercase, as well as the method and variable naming convention in Java @@@

Reviewer 2: this too renders not properly, try this:
```
@@@ note { title=Important }
Remember to change the values of the main.class, repo.name, and version tags to their respective values.
@@@
```

> Then you will need to use the name property of the '**@Bean**' annotation and define the name following these conventions.

Reviewer 2: the @Bean annotation is here in code style, where it is not on other occasions. 
(like the code style personally more)
<img width="155" alt="Screenshot 2020-06-14 at 23 49 49" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12616445/84604937-bf3e9380-ae99-11ea-8e47-df0d67bbc972.png">

Reviewer: :+1: for using code style with ``` `@Bean` ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you will need to use the name property of the `@Bean` annotation and define the name following these conventions.
```

> Then you will need to use the name property of the '**@Bean**' annotation and define the name following these conventions.

Reviewer 2: "Then.." is should be lowercase IMO as it is the end of "So if you use " before.

Author: My Portuguese-speaking ambitions fail here. How to use it ' **:** ' before in Portuguese I should start a new sentence always in capital letters.

> If your entity class is called ShoppinCartEntity then you can declare the beans as below:

Reviewer 2: ShoppinCartEntity => ShoppingCartEntity

@@snip [ShoppingCartEntity.java]($base$/docs/src/tests/paradox/ShoppingCartEntity.java) { #shopping-cart-descriptors }

Or like this:

@@snip [ShoppingCartEntity.java]($base$/docs/src/tests/paradox/ShoppingCartEntity.java) { #shopping-cart-descriptors-alternative }

The other way is to use the created entity class itself and declare some annotated static methods like the example below:

> @snip [ShoppingCartEntity.java]($base$/docs/src/tests/paradox/ShoppingCartEntity.java) { #shopping-cart-descriptors-static }

Reviewer 2: renders like this:

<img width="512" alt="Screenshot 2020-06-14 at 23 59 47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12616445/84605114-23ae2280-ae9b-11ea-9466-c43e2ce009fa.png">
